Phase navigation for Migration Assistant (#10805)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _migration-assistant/migration-phases/create-snapshot.md

# Creating a snapshot

> Once you have your change data capture solution in place or have disabled indexing to your source cluster you are ready to create a snapshot. Creating a snapshot of the source cluster captures all the metadata and documents to be migrated to a new target cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have your change data capture solution in place or have disabled indexing to your source cluster, you are ready to create a snapshot. Creating a snapshot of the source cluster captures all the metadata and documents to be migrated to a new target cluster.
```

```
{% include copy.html %}

> **Note**: Migration Assistant will automatically generate a snapshot name and configure the necessary Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) repository. Alternatively, you have the option to bring your own snapshot. You only need to specify `--snapshot-name` if you are using an existing snapshot that you created outside of Migration Assistant.
> 
> **For existing snapshots**:
> If you have an existing snapshot, you can specify it during the RFS configuration in your `cdk.context.json` file using the `reindexFromSnapshotExtraArgs` parameter:
> ```json
> "reindexFromSnapshotExtraArgs": "--s3-repo-uri s3://your-bucket/repo --s3-region us-west-2 --snapshot-name your-existing-snapshot"
> ```
> For more details on using an existing snapshot refer to [Bring your own snapshot]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/migration-assistant/migration-phases/deploy/configuration-options/#bring-your-own-snapshot) configuration.

Reviewer 2: These arg details get configured automatically with BYOS

```suggestion
**Note**: Migration Assistant will automatically generate a snapshot name and configure the necessary Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) repository. Alternatively, you have the option to bring your own existing snapshot. 

For more details on using an existing snapshot refer to [Bring your own snapshot]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/migration-assistant/migration-phases/deploy/configuration-options/#bring-your-own-snapshot) configuration.
```

```
{% include copy.html %}

**Note**: Migration Assistant will automatically generate a snapshot name and configure the necessary Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) repository. Alternatively, you have the option to bring your own existing snapshot. 

> For more details on using an existing snapshot refer to [Bring your own snapshot]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/migration-assistant/migration-phases/deploy/configuration-options/#bring-your-own-snapshot) configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about using an existing snapshot, see [Bring your own snapshot]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/migration-assistant/migration-phases/deploy/configuration-options/#bring-your-own-snapshot) configuration.
```
